README.md, before:

## Python's Data Science Docker Toolbox
![dat](http://img.shields.io/badge/Development%20sponsored%20by-dat-green.svg?style=flat)



Python Data Science Docker Toolbox's raison d'être is to quickly provide a Python environment for doing data science. After pulling the Python Data Science Docker Toolbox, you are ready to aggregate and analyze your data without having to individually install packages like NumPy, Pandas, and Scikit-learn.

### General Installation 
1. Install Docker https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation


2. Pull the 'docker_scipy2' container (this might initially take awhile so grab a book or snack while waiting)
`docker pull pkafei/docker_scipy2`


### Using Python Data Science Docker Toolbox
1. In order to access docker's terminal, enter 'docker run -it --rm --entrypoint=/bin/bash pkafei/docker_scipy'
You are now inside the Python Data Science Docker Toolbox
`docker run -it --rm --entrypoint=/bin/bash pkafei/docker_scipy`

2. Use the docker terminal just like you would on your host machine:

#### Access Python 2 or 3 Interpreter

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# python`

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# python3`

#### Access IPython 2 or 3

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# ipython2`

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# ipython`


## What's inside the container?
A docker container with SciPy packages which includes:

```
Cython==0.20.1post0
Fabric==1.8.2
Jinja2==2.7.3
Mako==0.9.1
MarkupSafe==0.23
Pillow==2.3.0
Pygments==1.6
Sphinx==1.2.3
argparse==1.2.1
backports.ssl-match-hostname==3.4.0.2
certifi==14.05.14
chardet==2.0.1
colorama==0.2.5
decorator==3.4.0
docutils==0.12
gyp==0.1
h5py==2.3.1
healpy==1.8.1
html5lib==0.999
ipython==3.0.0-dev
jsonpointer==1.4
jsonschema==2.4.0
matplotlib==1.4.0
mistune==0.4
mock==1.0.1
nose==1.3.4
numpy==1.9.0
numpydoc==0.5
pandas==0.14.1
paramiko==1.10.1
patsy==0.3.0
pycrypto==2.6.1
pycurl==7.19.3
pyfits==3.3
pygobject==3.12.0
pyparsing==2.0.1
python-dateutil==1.5
pytz==2012c
pyzmq==14.3.1
requests==2.2.1
roman==2.0.0
scikit-learn==0.15.2
scipy==0.14.0
seaborn==0.4.0
six==1.5.2
statsmodels==0.5.0
sympy==0.7.5
tornado==4.0.2
urllib3==1.7.1
wsgiref==0.1.2
wxPython==2.8.12.1
wxPython-common==2.8.12.1
xlwt==0.7.5
yt==3.0.1
```

Commit message:

Saving files and data inside container

README.md, after:

## Python Data Science Docker Toolbox
![dat](http://img.shields.io/badge/Development%20sponsored%20by-dat-green.svg?style=flat)



Python Data Science Docker Toolbox's raison d'être is to quickly provide a Python environment for doing data science. After pulling the Python Data Science Docker Toolbox, you are ready to aggregate and analyze your data without having to individually install packages like NumPy, Pandas, and Scikit-learn.

### General Installation 
1. Install Docker https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation


2. Pull the 'docker_scipy2' container (this might initially take awhile so grab a book or snack while waiting)
`docker pull pkafei/docker_scipy2`


### Using Python Data Science Docker Toolbox
1. In order to access docker's terminal, enter 'docker run -it --rm --entrypoint=/bin/bash -v /tmp:/tmp pkafei/docker_scipy'
You are now inside the Python Data Science Docker Toolbox
`docker run -it --rm --entrypoint=/bin/bash -v /tmp:/tmp pkafei/docker_scipy`

2. Use the docker terminal just like you would on your host machine:

#### Access Python 2 or 3 Interpreter

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# python`

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# python3`

#### Access IPython 2 or 3

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# ipython2`

`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# ipython`

3. Save your work inside the tmp folder. You can 'cd' into it from root.
`root@81f68cb864cd:/srv/ipython# cd /tmp`

## What's inside the container?
A docker container with SciPy packages which includes:

```
Cython==0.20.1post0
Fabric==1.8.2
Jinja2==2.7.3
Mako==0.9.1
MarkupSafe==0.23
Pillow==2.3.0
Pygments==1.6
Sphinx==1.2.3
argparse==1.2.1
backports.ssl-match-hostname==3.4.0.2
certifi==14.05.14
chardet==2.0.1
colorama==0.2.5
decorator==3.4.0
docutils==0.12
gyp==0.1
h5py==2.3.1
healpy==1.8.1
html5lib==0.999
ipython==3.0.0-dev
jsonpointer==1.4
jsonschema==2.4.0
matplotlib==1.4.0
mistune==0.4
mock==1.0.1
nose==1.3.4
numpy==1.9.0
numpydoc==0.5
pandas==0.14.1
paramiko==1.10.1
patsy==0.3.0
pycrypto==2.6.1
pycurl==7.19.3
pyfits==3.3
pygobject==3.12.0
pyparsing==2.0.1
python-dateutil==1.5
pytz==2012c
pyzmq==14.3.1
requests==2.2.1
roman==2.0.0
scikit-learn==0.15.2
scipy==0.14.0
seaborn==0.4.0
six==1.5.2
statsmodels==0.5.0
sympy==0.7.5
tornado==4.0.2
urllib3==1.7.1
wsgiref==0.1.2
wxPython==2.8.12.1
wxPython-common==2.8.12.1
xlwt==0.7.5
yt==3.0.1
```
